- [Kevin] Thanks for watching this course
on the Java collections framework.
Before we wrap up,
I want to provide you with some ideas on where to go next
and give you some information about my other courses.
Now that you're familiar with the basic collections,
I would recommend looking at the framework's
concurrent implementations
that handle multi-threaded scenarios.
You'll need to be aware of Java concurrency
to get the most from these collections.
So make sure you're comfortable working with programs
that handle more than a single thread.
In this course, we've also touched on Java streams,
which pair really nicely with collections.
If you dive deeper into streams,
you'll discover more operations to add to your Java toolbox.
Finally, we also highlighted generics in the course.
Generics are another section of the language you can explore
that will help you better work with collections.
If you like my teaching style,
I have a few other courses on the LinkedIn Learning platform
that might interest you.
I can teach you about other topics like GitOps,
Microservices, APIs, Java, Spring, or Git
if you're interested.
If you want to,
tag me when you post your course certificate.
I always like to interact with learners taking my courses
and celebrate their success.
I'm also very active on LinkedIn,
so follow me or connect to be notified
when I create a new course or share some technical writing.
So that's it.
For now, congratulations on finishing this course
and thanks again for taking it.
Now it's time to put your new skills
with Java collections into action.